# API Reference

**Classes**

Name|Description
----|-----------
[SmtpSecret](#cdk-ses-smtp-secret-smtpsecret)|*No description*


**Structs**

Name|Description
----|-----------
[SmtpSecretProps](#cdk-ses-smtp-secret-smtpsecretprops)|*No description*



## class SmtpSecret  <a id="cdk-ses-smtp-secret-smtpsecret"></a>



__Implements__: [IConstruct](#constructs-iconstruct), [IConstruct](#aws-cdk-core-iconstruct), [IConstruct](#constructs-iconstruct), [IDependable](#aws-cdk-core-idependable), [IResource](#aws-cdk-core-iresource), [IConstruct](#constructs-iconstruct), [IDependable](#aws-cdk-core-idependable), [IConstruct](#aws-cdk-core-iconstruct), [ISecret](#aws-cdk-aws-secretsmanager-isecret), [IConstruct](#constructs-iconstruct), [IDependable](#aws-cdk-core-idependable), [IConstruct](#aws-cdk-core-iconstruct), [IResource](#aws-cdk-core-iresource)
__Extends__: [Secret](#aws-cdk-aws-secretsmanager-secret)

### Initializer




```ts
new SmtpSecret(scope: Construct, id: string, props?: SmtpSecretProps)
```

* **scope** (<code>[Construct](#constructs-construct)</code>)  *No description*
* **id** (<code>string</code>)  *No description*
* **props** (<code>[SmtpSecretProps](#cdk-ses-smtp-secret-smtpsecretprops)</code>)  *No description*
  * **description** (<code>string</code>)  An optional, human-friendly description of the secret. __*Default*__: No description.
  * **encryptionKey** (<code>[IKey](#aws-cdk-aws-kms-ikey)</code>)  The customer-managed encryption key to use for encrypting the secret value. __*Default*__: A default KMS key for the account and region is used.
  * **generateSecretString** (<code>[SecretStringGenerator](#aws-cdk-aws-secretsmanager-secretstringgenerator)</code>)  Configuration for how to generate a secret value. __*Default*__: 32 characters with upper-case letters, lower-case letters, punctuation and numbers (at least one from each category), per the default values of ``SecretStringGenerator``.
  * **removalPolicy** (<code>[RemovalPolicy](#aws-cdk-core-removalpolicy)</code>)  Policy to apply when the secret is removed from this stack. __*Default*__: Not set.
  * **replicaRegions** (<code>Array<[ReplicaRegion](#aws-cdk-aws-secretsmanager-replicaregion)></code>)  A list of regions where to replicate this secret. __*Default*__: Secret is not replicated
  * **secretName** (<code>string</code>)  A name for the secret. __*Default*__: A name is generated by CloudFormation.
  * **sesRegion** (<code>string</code>)  *No description* __*Optional*__




## struct SmtpSecretProps  <a id="cdk-ses-smtp-secret-smtpsecretprops"></a>






Name | Type | Description 
-----|------|-------------
**description**? | <code>string</code> | An optional, human-friendly description of the secret.<br/>__*Default*__: No description.
**encryptionKey**? | <code>[IKey](#aws-cdk-aws-kms-ikey)</code> | The customer-managed encryption key to use for encrypting the secret value.<br/>__*Default*__: A default KMS key for the account and region is used.
**generateSecretString**? | <code>[SecretStringGenerator](#aws-cdk-aws-secretsmanager-secretstringgenerator)</code> | Configuration for how to generate a secret value.<br/>__*Default*__: 32 characters with upper-case letters, lower-case letters, punctuation and numbers (at least one from each category), per the default values of ``SecretStringGenerator``.
**removalPolicy**? | <code>[RemovalPolicy](#aws-cdk-core-removalpolicy)</code> | Policy to apply when the secret is removed from this stack.<br/>__*Default*__: Not set.
**replicaRegions**? | <code>Array<[ReplicaRegion](#aws-cdk-aws-secretsmanager-replicaregion)></code> | A list of regions where to replicate this secret.<br/>__*Default*__: Secret is not replicated
**secretName**? | <code>string</code> | A name for the secret.<br/>__*Default*__: A name is generated by CloudFormation.
**sesRegion**? | <code>string</code> | __*Optional*__



